thanks to james wan texidor of the road association an association that
fosters a love for books
towards reading and genius painting
and they are going to be sharing with us here in liliput because with
we love the levels we call good reading we go to our craft
investigating going back looking after I was like I told you
previously this is a Peruvian craft
and that others of the form that has this object on emits paper a
paper
of aluminum the ine and yogurt containers
On the one hand it has letters and on the other side it has nothing so I took advantage
the platinum of this paper
paint around with more gritty black like pre with little gold in the center
isabel municipality the excellent
and it gives the impression it really gives the impression that unemployment could
percent imitate a craft indicate this way I can make many
projects for coaching but not just thinking about the tape the tandem other
cultures
read American as for example the navajo and red vigo of the carlos agents
mandiá so much culture between san angel ron artest
I could also work with those little ones
little less than other 20
the beautiful thing to see is thanks to a girl who loves num compose
I volvo her however this paper
so that I could do something and I told him right away
dry skin that cut the same figure
I can hit her in the center and who knows what she can do because they attack
piti then say that I gave it to the good of peru utp please that
I gave it to a friend who loves to reuse disposable materials
and learn about other cultures
as is the Inca culture
so you already have the capacity to learn to reuse
all kinds of paper aunt the common the roles of incentives derived from
tycoon of the year
but the prosecutor not here as you can see in this same section
but this also the garbage is a pity
if you look closely we can see a true show that almost to the embossed and
despite this he remembered
all this material is more let's remember it so that den can do it
so you can see what I'm going to do with the scissors
We cut leaving a small volume but we will last forever
I think that material can cost the skin knows in the material etc that would be
ideal that they will work with their parents as well as adults but it is good that
they are learning to work with all kinds of materials
we are cutting we make them amount for land year we are going to make the goal
good because now I'm going to fold in and in this way I'm not going to
tell me I'm going to hurt you and was to take advantage of the bottom of this dish is
aluminum to be who I am
Gentle the psoe indicates the uncle view of the sun dyn
from now to double I have the reported 20
I think it's a sun now I can put a police cord to put ornaments
colors according to our imagination of our creativity to transform
materials concepts
now let's learn more about match points
this group of stores is
in that accident
all women original pieces of each enclosure
great part of the architects
you have to keep taking care protect
caldas da rainha best restoration and reconstruction for the following
months
the winners of this year
many times at home and blind to appointments to avoid replacing them with other websites
you have to use
people
because the vegetation and what to be
pagés in specific the phase
then yesterday excélsior in great formal way of the force of nature
75 percent is original
Jesus
never from NATO in Afghanistan the data we have is correct
triumph after knowing the event does not exist
we are waiting for the results of the category
all bylaws etc
the contraband
with absolute all the support
after two o'clock on Tuesday morning
far from finishing the coasts of andalusia we are waiting for you
the sanchez pizjuán on the side of the sun
do not crack more that seems to be a work mounts
one more of the communes are part of an aim where is the door of the sun
the final point
finished
for the Inca Trail
the young woman was among her very adventurous directed that peasant settlement
that had germinated huge Saturday the kilometer 5
the transversal line caesar fenced education samuel hoare the people decide
leave them they came like this their walking for 46 kilometers
and even keeping in mind the experience of a green tourism code
has pictorial technique these drought munatages
Peruvians and fans
want it extremely important for them
that much of the commerce of the Incas was based on transport exercised
see something castañeda is little thing if before she uses in lines and
geometric figures colors to make your demands
really existed berenguer valencia is one of the cutest crafts
also thousands of butts
should be a green dress atp very cute dresses use lenses
Captains weights today we are getting to know about Machu Picchu and also about
the student trips made by the office
of the youth of puerto rico they sponsor trips during the time of
summer music and students to different countries of the world this
form the immense to know about other cultures in the same way very fun and
if people will soon continue to share with all of you this year
in the country of the stories the ugly face
what